
          The Temple of Airlin was as impregnatable as a temple could get.
          As the Gods demanded, there were no walls, nor guards, nor any
          sort of barring spell. The doors were open to all who journeyed
          there, and all travelers, whether they be foreign princes on
          sacred pilgrimidge or homeless beggars, would be fed and given a
          bed for up to four nights, as the gods had long ago decreed.

          The other three temples of the land had an almost endless supply
          of pilgrims-- at the Temple of Branda in the Capital, one had to
          arrive in the early morning to even score a bed in the open
          courtyard. The other temples were booming centers of art and
          business and compassion, but not Airlin.

          In the past year, Airlin had had a mere eleven pilgrims. Most of
          them had been ascetics or zealous followers of the Gods, but one
          had been a prince in exile, and another a famous adventurer,
          writing tales of all his travels. They all had stayed the four
          nights and ate the food greedily before reluctantly turning their
          backs on the temple and slowly walking down the stone and rope
          path through the Chasm of Tears.

          Built under the place where the Goddess Airan ascended into
          heaven, the temple was built into the very face of the highest
          cliff in the Chasm. To reach the temple one had to spend a
          grueling week on the narrow path that ran along the Chasm's wall.
          So narrow ws it that in some places the path was nought but hand
          and foot holds, and a pilgrim had to cling to the rock like a
          moth on a curtain. Not all who undertook the journey survived the
          ascent.

          The girl arrived first. She was alone and dirty and ragged from
          her journey, like all the pilgrims who sojourned here. The
          priestesses welcomed her wholeheartedly and gave her food and
          water. She accepted timidly and sat in the shadows of the
          santuary, her eyes on the great sculpture of Airan, the only true
          likeness of the Goddess, inlaid with gold and with a giant pure
          blue sapphire in the middle of her forehead.

          The man arrived but two hours later, every bit as dirty and
          ragged as the girl. He confirmed that they were not together, the
          girl and he, but he watched her with such a hunger that the
          priestesses were simutaneously scandalized and jealous.

          On the first day, the girl ignored him and avoided the
          priestesses and their questions as much as possible. Arriving
          only two hours apart meant that they had had to have seen one
          another on the cliffs, but no, they did not know each other and
          had never spoken.

          On the second day, they both sat in the sancutary. The girl
          watched the Goddess, her mouth moving in what were assumed to be
          silent prayers. The man sat there, watching the girl.

          On the third day, the man tried to speak to the girl, but was
          only met with a stormy gaze. The priestesses suggested that he
          might do better to spend his remaining time in the temple in
          silent reflection on the blessings of the Goddess.

          On the fourth day, the girl pulled out a long silver dagger,
          pried the sky-blue sapphire from Airan's stony forehead, and ran
          out of the temple before the priestesses rightly knew what was
          happening. Those standing in the recessed courtyard in the shade
          of the cliffs said that she only paused a moment before leaping
          inot the Chasm of Tears, and the man who leapt after her did not
          hesitate at all.



          His swift-glider opened flawlessly, but he still experienced a
          longer free-fall than he would have preferred. The girl, theiving
          bitch that she was, was already catching an updraft, her
          swift-glider fully extended.

          She was worth at least fifty thousnd gold, he reminded himself as
          he descended her into the Chasm. She had already stolen Branda's
          ruby, and now Airan's sapphire. Between the king's purse and the
          temples' rewards he could retire afterhe caught this
          temple-desecrating harlot.

          Downthey went, deeper into the Chasm of Tears. It grew narrow,
          and the shadows lengtened, the sun hidden from view. He felt all
          of his muscles start to tighten anxiously. This was not a safe
          glide.

          The theif did not seem to falter, sailing close to the cliffs and
          catching updrafts whereever she could find them. As the walls
          narrowed, she only seemed to get faster, barely missing rocky
          outcroppings and the occasional scrappy tree, barely clinging to
          life by its roots.

          Left. Right. Left. Down. They were deep in the Chasm now. If he
          had had the time to think, he might have wondered if they were
          the first people to come this way, foolishly gliding from the
          Temple of Airan. Had it been attempted before? He tried not to
          think about it, choosing instead to keep his eyes on the girl.
          His prize. His retirement. Follow her.

          Down. Left. Another left. Up. The swift-gliders were true to
          their name, responding to the pilots' slightest motions. On a
          regular series glider, they would have been smashed against the
          cliff face miles before.

          Not that the same thing couldn't happen on a swift-glider. They
          weren't indestructable. In the blink of an eyes, he saw the girl
          make a right bank too slow and saw the very edge of her glider
          scrape against the hanging rocks, sending small gravel
          plummeting. At this speed it was enough to send her tumbling. She
          spiralled out of control and his heart was caught in his throat.
          If she went down here, it would take him weeks to recover the
          jewels!

          He need not have worried though, for in the next second she had
          righted herself and once again they were racing along the walls.

          Left. Up. Right. Down. The cycle continued, seemingly
          neverending. He had entered a soft of trance-like state, relying
          only on instincts, a foolish sort of hyper dreaming. Thus he was
          late gathering his attention when he saw her brake hard,
          spreading out her glider wings and trying to catch a draft to
          slow and raise herself, almost becoming vertical in the attempt.
          He was so surprised at this that he did not brake himself and
          soon flew under her, overtaking her at an alarming speed.

          With the girl out of his vision it was then that he noticed that
          he was gliding quickly into an impossibly narrow dead end. With
          all the strength he possessed he threw himself into a bank, but
          it was not quite enough. He felt his glider roughly grate against
          the cliff, throwing him face first into the other wall.
          Bleeding, tumbling, losing altitude but still gliding, the Chasm
          of Tears suddenly opened up and fell behind him. Ahead lay only
          the Salt Sea and the open air.

          As he careened towards the beach, spinning helplessly out of
          control, he caught a quick glimpse of the girl and her glider
          sailing tranquilly through the otherwise empty sky above him.