            Some powers were denied even to the Gods, and sharing the gift
          of immortality was one of them.

            It could be done, but it was gift that had to be bestowed as a
          group. In the old days, hazy now even in the memory of the Three,
          they had given this gift to great warriors, the far sung heroes
          of the Demon Wars: Cirtin, Lord-over-the-Desert and Alanna of the
          golden bow. Neither had been seen in millennia.

            And no future heroes would receive it, for the Three were now
          at war. The Goddess of Death had killed the First's adopted son,
          had dared to do so on the very steps of his temple, simply
          because he had chosen the love of a priestess, a mortal, over her
          own. The Goddess of Life and All Immortal took no sides, but
          only vaguely beseeched her siblings to bring an end to their
          conflict. She had other things on her mind.

            Thus the Age of War was born and the First was left alone in
          his temple with a wife dying slowly from the effects of time. So,
          he did what he felt he must in order to keep his wife from
          falling victim to the Goddess, and made her immortal himself,
          without the permission or support of his sisters.

            When she opened her eyes agin her life was indeed eternal. She
          could pass to the Next Realm by no hand but her own, but forces
          older and more powerful than the Three had cursed her, had marked
          her an abomination, and his skin burned to the touch.

            If another mortal came into contact with her, their skin would
          immediately blister and burst, darkening as if touched by
          dragon's fire. A few unlucky servants and guests fell victim to
          this in the first few years, until she had learned without a
          doubt that she could only touch the First, for you cannot burn a
          god.

            He could feel pain and discomfort. When he touched his wife he
          did. He felt the burn, though it did him no physical harm. He
          took this as his punishment, his curse for breaking one of the
          rules to which he was bound, and forced himself to kiss her, to
          caress her skin, to hold her in his arms as she slept and never
          let a hint of pain cross his face.

            Her curse was not limited to burning mortals. She could make
          water boil; rain hissed as it touched her. A hand left on a table
          would sear her very fingerprints into the wood. She could no
          longer wear clothes made of fabric, as it was only a matter of
          time before they turned to ash. The First ordered dresses of gold
          and silver and precious gemstones to be made for her. Thus they
          ruled for centuries, the god and his golden ember of a wife.

            Then, the unthinkable happened and she announced cooly one
          morning that she was going to have a baby. This was more than the
          First had ever hoped for. It was rare that true Immortals had
          children and it was un-heard of one of the made-Immortals to do
          so. The entire realm eagerly awaited the birth of the god's
          child.

            When the child was born it was the god himself who delivered
          it, for no midwife could have touched mother or the tiny baby. At
          first, she burned with the same fire as her mother, but after
          the cord was cut her fire dulled to a mere glow. The First called
          her Celina.

            "Can I touch her?" His wife asked.
            "I don't know." He told her and held the baby closer for his
          wife to see. "Try now, but only one finger and be light."

            As her mother's finger brushed her leg, the skin immediately
          blistered. The baby screamed and her mother drew away, but this
          experiment told them two important things: Celina was free of
          curse, but she was mortal.

            Despite the fact that her mother could never touch her, Celina
          grew into a bright and beautiful child. She was quick-witted and
          insightful, but showed none of the more malicious tendencies that
          immortal or half-blooded children often have. Her eyes were as
          black as her curls, and she made mortal nobles uncomfortable as
          she watched them, often from the lap of the most powerful being
          in the world. Even so, it did not keep them from whispering and
          plotting amongst themselves; which prince or golden house would
          marry a son to their god's own daughter?

            However, despite the fact that the entire empire was dying to
          catch a glimpse of the god's daughter, for the most part the
          First and his wife kept her confined behind the temple walls.
          Though he had personally taken her to the palace on a few
          occasions, her father made it clean that he saw no reason for her
          to be in the Immortal City. In hid mind, the loss of his adopted
          son was still fresh. If the Goddess could murder someone on the
          steps of his very temple, he could not protect his daughter in
          the city.

            Naturally, in response to this, all Celina wanted was to be
          gone from the temple. It was all she spoke of. By the age of
          seven, though she was small for her way she had devised a way to
          get to the top of the temple walls. The First had never needed
          protection, of course, but he didn't want any mortal thug off the
          street wandering into his gardens. As such, the walls were high,
          but only a few inches wide. This didn't bother Celina, as it was
          wide enough for her to sit and watch the city. It drove his wife
          mad, but the First saw little problem with it. Children often
          did such things and came to no harm, but the First does not
          possess the power to foresee the future.

            Nor does he possess the power to see the past, as no one is
          quite sure what events led up to the normally sure-footed girl
          slipping off the wall, or what caused his wife to abandon her
          centuries of control and catch the falling child in her arms.

            She was too far in the Goddess' clutches for even the First to
          save, though he tried in vain to cure the burns that wrapped
          around her body. She slipped to the Next Realm quickly, and was
          lost to the First forever.

            His wife was inconsolable. She wept and tore her hair and
          scratched herself until her blood fell to the floor in hissing
          droplets. Even after her initial outcries, she would not sleep,
          nor eat, though her body didn't require either to carry on. No
          matter how he tried to comfort her, she only sat by the body of
          her daughter day and night. Finally the First told her that they
          must perform the final funeral rites and wait no longer.

            "One more night." She begged.

            He brushed her hair from her tear-stained face and held her
          close in his arms and agreed to allow her one more night with
          their daughter.

            An Immortal can pass to the Next Realm by no hand but her own.
          In the morning, when he found her, the dagger had melted into a
          molten pool of steel and blood, but her body was already cold.