            Day DCXXII: Every morning I wake up in this armpit of an alien
          world and curse the Fates, and the New Democratic Union of
          planets, and any other gods of bureaucratic institutions that I
          can think of. The Prison World of Beta-Scorpio-b is a humid
          jungle during the dry season, but now, during the rainy season
          it's little more than a swamp. Mold grows on every surface and
          the air is filled with the noxious gases of both growth and
          decay. Few visitors visit the penal colonies and fewer still come
          to barely inhabitable worlds such as these. However, since the
          NDU has passed their new "humanitarian" trade routes, one or two
          pucker-faced traders stop here per moon. And they'll be my ticket
          out of here.

            Day DCLXV: When the NDU fit us with detonation bands, they had
          tested them on one of the original penal colonies, Ceta-Ursa-d or
          some such, a desert world with less than a cm of precipitation a
          year. If they hadn't gone with the lowest bidder, the unit might
          have been sealed. Then, maybe the moist air wouldn't have been
          able to seep into its mind and over the course of a year rot it
          to the point of deactivation. I slipped it off with little
          hesitation and I wasn't instantly reduced to a cloud of atoms, I
          was actually thankful for the incompetence of the NDU.

            Day DCC: Beta-Scorpio-b is twenty light years behind me and I'm
          only fifteen out from a small space station where I can sneak
          off this piece of space junk and slip unnoticed back into
          society. Thank the fates for greedy traders.

            "And thank the fates for narcissist prisoners." The Ranger
          grumbled to herself in a mocking tone. It was surprising how many
          prisoners kept their Profiles up to date, even when outside
          communications were banned. Some of them imagined that they had
          fans. Still, she wasn't complaining. She had been tracking
          Prisoner 132-beta down for a couple of weeks and it was only
          these last three posts that she had to go off of. It turned out
          to be more than enough: there were only two space stations within
          35 light years of Beta-Scorpio-b and one was an NDU science
          outpost. Tracking was easy when your prey told you where to find
          them.

            The space station, like most out this far, was as sketchy as
          they come. She only caught a few glances when she walked briskly
          into "Gamma Zero", the combination bar/restaurant/strip club that
          served as the small station's only source of entertainment.
          Rangers had obviously been on jobs out this way before and
          everyone knew the best policy was to ignore them until they spoke
          to you first.

            She glanced about the room, but saw no one that fit the
          description of the prisoner, nor did she see anyone that caught
          her eye as needing a questioning. She decided the best thing to
          do would be to have a drink and wait. You could lean a lot by
          just watching the crowd in a place like this.

            Unfortunately, there wasn't much of a crowd to examine. Less
          than twenty beings sat around tables that could probably fit two
          hundred. Still, it was early in the night and there might still
          be a work shift going on. It would probably fill in later.

            "Now give a big welcome to Trixya of Scorpio!" The bar tender
          was also the announcer for the stage, and sounded almost as
          listless as the rest of the crowd looked. There was no real
          applause, it figured that the B-entertainment would be given to
          the B-crowd, but like the others the Ranger turned so she could
          see the zero gravity stage. She found the whole exotic dancer
          spiel boring, but no matter your gender or species, you had to
          admit that zero gravity made everyone's tits look amazing.

            Trixya of Scorpio floated to the center of the stage, obviously
          human but painted up to look like some other sort of creatures,
          smeared with blues and purples. Around her waist she wore a
          metallic shimmering skirt. The Ranger noticed that despite the
          lack of gravity, the skirt only gave hints of view. She suspected
          magnets, but was impressed with the overall design. In fact, so
          caught up was she by the skirt that she was almost stunned when
          she caught a glimpse of the dancer's blue painted face. There was
          no doubt about it: Trixya of Scorpio was Prisoner 132-beta of
          Beta-Scorpio-b.

            Without thinking of the consequences, she went into full Ranger
          mode.

            "Halt! Ranger authority!" She made a lunge for the stage.

            For a moment after this outburst they were all stunned: the
          Ranger, the dancer, and the bar's few patrons (all of whom were
          now paying apt attention). She hung there, helplessly, floating
          past the escaped convict with no hopes of reaching her, much less
          taking her into custody. The perfect startled 'O' of Trixya's
          mouth vanished and a determined grin replaced it.

            "You'll not catch me so easily Ranger!" she turned, placed a
          well aimed kick on the side of the sea and darted past the Ranger
          like a missile.

            But the Ranger had recovered from the initial shock of no
          gravity. With a flick of her wrist, she sent a small hook line
          into the metallic fabric of the dancer's skirt. The sudden force
          sent the Ranger flying in the direction that Trixya had been
          going, and send Trixya back towards the Ranger.

            They collided with an audible crash, causing a few of the bar
          patrons to break into a smattering of applause. The Ranger had
          obviously gotten the better of it, as she was much more aptly
          dressed for crashing into things than Trixya, who had left a very
          detailed body print in blue paint on the Ranger's suit. She
          wasn't caught yet though; she brought her knees up to her chest
          and kicked off of the Ranger, sending them flying in opposite
          directions at a much faster rate than before.

            As the Ranger's hook line started to grow taut, Trixya
          unclasped her skirt and continued her dive to freedom. This last
          trick impressed the crowd enough that they cheered as the
          now-nude Trixya grasped the side of the zero-gravity field and
          pulled herself up out of it. She gave the Ranger a quick grin and
          a mocking salute and dashed back behind the stage.

            The Ranger was furious, but without any kind of thrusters or
          propulsion, she had to wait until she floated to the other edge
          of the field to pull herself out and back into the space
          station's gravity. The crowd stared at her with mild amazement
          (and amusement) but she decided to pay them no heed. She was sure
          that Prisoner 132-beta was already hiding somewhere well aware
          from Gamma Zero.

            It was probably nothing to worry about though. How could the
          prisoner possibly resist another blog post?