As Natalya waited in the sparsely decorated, windowless room, she began to contemplate the meaning of 
her life and the situation that brought her here. Growing up in an extremely small town in Ukraine, she 
never thought in a million years that she would actually be in New York facing that fact that her life 
was no longer hers.

It was a reoccurring nightmare and that's all that it should have been. That old, slightly rusted metal 
door bathed in red light had always haunted her dreams since she was a small girl. Damn Irina! Why did 
she have to spoil her "innocent" mind when she was a child with tales of young girls disappearing 
without a trace. However, in these stories, they were always pretty girls, so Natalya had never overly 
worried about it. Sure, she had a youthful beauty to her, but she was gangly for her seventeen years. In 
her opinion, her plain brown eyes and mousy brown hair could never be considered pretty.

Apparently, that hadn't have mattered when her brother sold her to the Russian mafia. They hadn't cared 
about anything except the price. Part of her wishes that she had fought back, but where would that leave 
her little sister, Svetlana? To suffer the same fate as her? No! She couldn't have let that happen. By 
this time, Aunt Irina hopefully will have taken Svetlana somewhere safe. Somewhere away from her brother 
Boris. 

Natalya instantly snapped out of her daydream realizing that she'd been staring at the metal picture 
frame hanging on the wall opposite of where she was sitting. Metal. Just like the door. The door that 
the girls enter, but never leave. She shuddered involuntarily.

If only Yuri was here. Natalya drifted off and her mind took her back to the day that the both of them 
spent in the forest. They wandered through the old growth, holding hands and laughing all of the way. 
"Why couldn't that day have lasted forever?" She thought to herself. "When was Yuri going to ride up on 
his white horse and carry her away to safety?"

She had wanted it to be with him, her first time that is. That'll never happen now. If these fucking 
Russians have their way, her first time will be with the highest bidder while she's drugged up on the 
god-knows-what that they will pump through her beforehand.

"I have to stop thinking of him". She thought to herself, holding back the tears. "If I don't, i'll 
never be able to do what I must". She couldn't let the Russians get their way. After all, she wasn't a 
whore. She was supposed to be destined for a happy life, full of love, joy and about a dozen children.

Thinking of that door scared her beyond belief. She knew that once she entered, it was the point of no 
return. Her forced, drug-induced stupor and the armed guards would prevent her from leaving until she 
was damaged or the regular customers were tired of her. At that point, it was likely that she would be 
sold again and have to repeat the same trails, only at a new location. This time with another door, 
bathed in that infernal red light. 

She was clean and untainted and there was only one way to remain such. She knew what she had to do. 
Natalya looked down at her hand. Grasped in her palm was a small, but sharp box cutter that she managed
 to hide in her bra on the way into this "limbo" room. One final glance at her ivory white wrists 
granted her courage. She stood up and walked over to the door, knocked and stated "I need to use the 
bathroom".