            On the first day, you will notice the door. It will be attached
          to a wall, like any good door should be, and you will think some
          random thought about about why you never noticed it before and
          then continue on with driving to work or your grocery shopping or
          even drinking your cup of tea, the door already forgotten.

            On the second day, you will notice the door again, only this
          time it's somewhere else. Somewhere familiar. It's in your home
          or in your office and for a moment you will be struck by it,
          unable to say for certain what is behind it or if you've ever
          been inside of whatever room it leads to. You might think "That
          looks like an awful lot like the door I saw at Shop'n'Save or the
          coffee shop I was at yesterday", but that thought will no more
          than form and your phone will ring or the intercom will buzz and
          the door will be forgotten.

            On the third day the door will catch your eye immediately as it
          will not be affixed to a wall, or a gate, or any type of
          structure that a door should be attached to. You will blink and
          the door will still be there. You will give it a quick
          walk-around and its appearance will not change. You will mutter
          to yourself about modern art and continue with your day.

            On the fourth day you will be much more disturbed by the art
          display, as it has taken up residence in your bedroom or your
          kitchen or beside your couch. You decide that it is time to
          examine this new fixture and you will walk around it on all sides
          to confirm that it is in fact a door. For a moment you consider
          calling your best friend or your doctor or even your mom, but
          then you're afraid that all these people will think that you're
          losing it. Even if you are, you decide not to share it. So you
          hope that the door will go away if you ignore it and force
          yourself to go to work, even if you can't concentrate.

            On the fifth day you will call into work. Enough is enough. You
          are going to have to do something about this door. You are going
          to stay home and take care of the problem. You are going to
          dismantle that door. You even stopped by the hardware store to
          pick up a saw. You stare at the door for a while, but you can't
          bring yourself to do it. You can't even bring yourself to open
          it...or even touch it.

            On the sixth day, after your sleepless night of vigilance you
          decide that it may be trying to tell you something. It might be
          talking to you. You're not sure, but it probably is. Why else
          would it come here, if it wasn't going to communicate with you?
          You talk to it, but it doesn't seem to respond. Maybe it's
          waiting for something. You sit in front of it, waiting for it.

            On the seventh day, it might open.