
          "Why?! Why?! Why?!" In the Old Tongue, the only language this
          child knew, the cry sounded bird-like, like a crow cawing in the
          distance. "I want to go home!"

          Caelan shook his head. He did not know what to tell this child.
          It had no home. Its parents had been dead near ten years now,
          both to the fever that had swept down the river valley, burning a
          hole in the minds of all who caught it; Caelan included.

          "I know you did this." The child said accusingly, his green eyes
          harsh and untrusting for one so young.

          "Aye." Though Caelan was not sure that this child knew what
          exactly he had done, he still was not going to try to hide his
          guilt, not even from this youngling.

          His admission did not seem to do him any good, for the child only
          cried harder, his sobs filled with words that sounded like the
          wind over the moors.

          Had he been on the Outside, Caelan would have thought the child
          around the age of five, maybe six, but small for his age.
          However, they were not on the Outside, and Caelan knew this
          child's age as well as he knew his own.

          Thirty years ago he had been sent as a Changeling. He knew it was
          a sacred duty, and vital to the survival of the Fae, so he had
          taken the position eagerly, without fully understanding what he
          was volunteering for. They depended on their stolen humans, both
          as slaves and to keep their magic. This child, once called
          Caelan, was one of the lucky ones, and had not been taken as a
          tithe to the morning star.

          As for the new Caelan, his mind had been locked; all memory of
          the Fae and his own childhood had been hidden away. In some ways
          it was a mercy: he couldn't have imagined laying in a crib
          sobbing about needing his diaper changed while thinking about
          feasts on the Inside. The Fae didn't do it as a favor though,
          they did it to keep themselves safe. No two-year old human should
          ever start talking fluently in the Old Tongue, much less know
          the way back to the Inside.

          Still, some things had never seemed quite right to him as he
          became a human man. He hummed bird song and looked for invisible
          messages in the grass. He had few friends and feared iron above
          all else. Most of the village thought that his mother may have
          dropped him as a newborn, which also explained the hysteria she
          had seemed to suffer from not long after his birth.

          When the fever came, he spent the days at the bedsides of his
          dying foster parents, never once recognizing them as the fools
          they were for waiting so long to baptize their newborn. It wasn't
          until the fever ate its way into his own mind that he remembered
          how he had once laughed at their tardiness, and how a pretty
          woman of the Fae had carried away the human baby while he crawled
          into its crib and changed his shape.

          When the fever left him and river valley, he set off in search of
          his forgotten people, but it was not an easy task. He was a
          human man now, and in his twenties. If he were more handsome, he
          might have found a willing female to drag him to the Inside, but
          that had not been the case. He had caught sight of them a few
          times, long hair loose and wild, laughter hanging in the wind,
          but they ignored or avoided him. Over the past decade he had
          crept and watched and remembered, till he had at long last found
          a lost passageway and once again stepped into the Inside.

          Humans on the Inside were ignored on their own. The Fae that he
          passed assumed that he had been drug in once and mistakening
          taken part in a Feast. They thought when he finally found his way
          back out through the shifting tunnels and endless parties he
          would find himself in a world different than the one he had left,
          his family all dead fifty years or more. Now that he had the
          child, the original Caelan, that had changed. Humans did not
          travel together on the Inside, and he needed to hurry back to his
          exit.

          "We're going home." He tried telling the child, but it did not
          believe him. It had been taken too early and the halls with their
          colored lights were the only home it could remember. It missed
          the nursery that it shared with the other younglings, human and
          Fae alike. At this age they were all the same.

          "No we're not." The child sniffled, and before the sobs started
          again Caelan decided that he was going to have to do something.
          The Fae would be greatly suspicious to see two humans together
          like this. If they suspected that he was kidnapping one of their
          younglings he would be in great danger indeed.

          He knelt down to the boy, "What is your name?" He asked, though
          he knew that the child could never answer this question
          truthfully now.

          The boy reluctantly made a sound like water rushing over rocks,
          and Caelan gave him a grim smile. Of course they had named him
          after the river from whose side he had first been plucked.

          "River," he told the boy in as comforting of a tone as he could
          manage, "You and I are going to go on an adventure. Would you
          like that?"

          The boy did not say anything, but the glare in his green eyes did
          the speaking for him. The answer was clearly 'no'.

          "We need to leave this place, you and I." Caelan offered again,
          trying to reason with him. Though the child was almost grown in
          human years, time flowed much differently on the inside. To a
          being that was not Fae, obviously only five or six years had ever
          passed.

          "Why?" Again the crow-like sound, echoing off the sparkling
          walls.

          "I know a place that is better for you. It's a nice place.
          There's grass and sky and birds and a river." He pronounced it
          like the boy said his name, which Caelan could see was a good
          choice. The child perked up immediately.

          "A river?" He asked.

          "Yes. Would you like to visit it? If you like it, perhaps we
          could live there for a while." He continued talking soothingly,
          taking the child by the hand and leading him ever closer to the
          hidden exit he had found.

          "I would like to see a river." The boy said thoughtfully, "Tree
          has told me about them."

          Caelan smiled at him, relieved that he suddenly seemed so eager.
          Children were more unpredictable than the Fae. "I'm glad. I'll
          take care of you now, River, there's nothing for you to worry
          about."