            War,

            I'll just come out and say it: I don't like the way you're
          running your business.

            For the last thirty years or so, any conflict worth talking
          about has been increasingly fought by men who never bother to
          look each other in the eyes. Or, even worse, by machines. At
          first I was in full support of your carpet bombs and missiles. As
          you well know, I was particularly fond of your nuclear stockpile
          but all that potential seems to have sputtered out as well. Now
          all the rage seems to be those heat-seeking missiles carried by
          unmanned drones. You know, the average wheat field doesn't put
          off much heat.

            I'm not complaining about the casualties. That's your domain.
          In the old days the more mouths there were to feed after the
          battle the more work there was for me and Blackie, but that's
          just not the case anymore. These days, men seem content to shoot
          with one hand and offer aid with the other. The scales don't even
          tilt and that's just not right.

            It'd be different I were the only one out of work, but have you
          ever stopped to think about what your modern warfare is doing to
          Conquest? Our brother's role is twofold and you've been fighting
          him on broth fronts. No one conquers their enemies these days.
          In fact, after your pussy little wars the soldiers tend to stay
          around and help clean up. As for pestilence, we used to work
          hand-in-hand, but some little bug no more than springs up and man
          is rushing to squash it. (Again, I'll remind you of all those
          beautiful nukes you seem content to not use.) Seriously though,
          by the time the first seal is broken, he might have forgotten how
          to ride that white horse. We'll all be a laughingstock and ruin
          Homecoming and won't that piss off you-know-who.

            Now, I know that I'm coming off harsh, but I know you've had a
          rough time it too. Everyone is fighting you all the time, and
          man's overall interest in you seems to be fading a bit. They
          don't seem quite as bloodthirsty as they used to be.

            There hasn't been a good war for sixty years. But remember what
          a good one it was! We all got to ride out that time. I miss
          those days, and I'm guess you do too. Really, the only one of us
          who is having any fun lately is our creepy youngest brother and
          he always has good business.

            Anyway, get out there and bra dish that sword. We're all
          counting on you.

            Your brother,
            Famine

            P.S. Say hello to Red for me.