   The ancient forest hangs heavy all around, stretching for miles untold in every direction. 
   The journey across it, through the dark, forgotten, wilderness of the Ancients is a dangerous 
one. The lack of sunlight, the heavy silence through the foliage, the over-whelming shades of 
green, the constant feeling of being watched...The men who walk into the forest are not often the 
ones who leave it.
   And they are the lucky ones.
   Who knows what horrors lurk in the darkness, or worse, the mist that rises from the mossy 
ground in the twilight hours? Overhead some strange bird whistles; its call shattering the silence 
as if it were glass.
   The comparatively harmless early morning mist begins to burn off the slight sunlight filtering 
through the towering canopy. Water drips through the underbrush, and some small animal crashes 
through the ferns, some other larger animal already in close pursuit.
   The road --really no more than an overgrown path at this point-- starts to slope downhill and 
miraculously widen. After a mile or so of this, strange mossy rocks are scattered across the trail 
haphazardly, and Men must watch their steps, or else run the risk of turning an ankle. The sound 
of water --other than the constant dripping of the forest-- becomes clear, a distant thunder.
   By the time the swift gray river comes into view, it has been deemed unimportant; a nagging 
noise to be shrugged off, for the dirt trail through the forest has become a road, and the 
treacherous mossy rocks have been laid in a grid like cobblestones, and the great stone gods of 
Leaf and Rain stare down at those who dare to trespass here.
   The gods have stood here for time unknown, guardians of the ruins of the Ancients, their 
bodies weathered by eons of rain and moss, and the small harmless birds who nest in the cracks 
behind their pointed ears and in the hollows of their eyes. Their arms outstretched: an ancient 
gesture of welcome that seems now more like a cry for help.
   Past these proud and broken figures lies the Bridge of Cloud and Water, which is still spoken 
of as one of the great mysteries of the Old World. It snakes through the trees and around the 
cliff, through the mist of the great thundering waterfall, swaying slightly in the wind. It ends 
suddenly in the broken Plaza of Whispers. 
   Though it was once the welcoming, lively plaza at the center of the Ancients' kingdom, the 
Plaza of Whispers is now a dull field of slippery moss and and torn up stones. The trees do not 
dare grow here and the wind can blow here freely, the mist from the great waterfall keeping the 
entire plaza perpetually covered in fog and mist. It is said that the Ancient seers could speak to 
the gods here, but those gods moved on long ago and other beings came to nest in what were 
once holy places. Men do well to pass quickly here. Do not disturb the voices in this place, for 
they are neither Ancient, Man, nor god.
   Once across the whispering mist, the ruins of the once great city are clearly visible. They were 
white and polished once, cool alabaster against the moist, humid forest. Now the stones are long 
gray and moss covered, splintered with age and abandonment. Once well tended gardens and 
orchards sprawl into dwellings and libraries and temples, the roots ripping out the walls and 
floors, vines pushing through the ceilings in search of more light.
   Everywhere, the stone gaze of the Ancients follow trespassers' movements. More statues, 
smaller --yet no less ruined-- versions of the gods of Leaf and Rain are scattered everywhere. 
Other figures too: the forest goddess with her fangs and claws, brave warriors whose songs have 
been forgotten, beautiful maidens whose stone tresses still seem to flow, kings of old with 
swords unsheathed...populating the empty city. All of their faces are weathered, some wiped 
clean of features completely where they've stood facing the mist. Some are missing fingers, ears, 
arms, heads; yet all of them are missing their eyes. 
   Once precious stones looked out on a bustling city, but Men who were blinded by greed in 
turn blinded the stone statues after the Ancients passed. These were cursed men. Their whispers 
can still be heard in the mist at the feet of the figures they defiled, the hollow, empty eyes sitting 
in judgment. 
   There are no sounds here. Birds do not nest here, nor do animals take shelter in the ruined 
homes of the Ancients. Only the sound of the river, a constant crashing thunder, and the shrill 
whistling of the wind through the ruins, bringing with it gray river mist and the smell of the 
Elvenspice.
   It has been eons since the last of the Ancients left this place and still the bittersweet smell of 
Elvenspice permeates the air. So thick is it that Men taste it on their tongues and on the back of 
their throats. Some have tasted the Elvenspice before, and with each taste their longing grows. 
Some wander into the mist looking for the source, following the whispers. Others grow sick, 
unable to carry on, too sensitive to how this Elvenspice smells old, molded, soured. 
   Night falls swiftly, but no Man should let the sun set on him here. The mist rises, and the 
souls of the Ancients --and those travelers who have been lost here-- wander through the ghostly 
streets, glowing in the scarce moonlight, their figures like fires in the black pitch of the forest 
night. If one could gaze upon the dead city from afar, if the heavy forest didn't block all views, 
the distant city might appear alive, burning with the eerie light of lost souls, and the air alight 
with their whispers and cries.
   Once night does fall, on the far side of the elven city, the forest hangs heavy all around, 
stretching for miles untold in every direction. 
