The Siege

The smell of blood and death hung low in the war-torn valley. Discarded weaponry 
lay scattered on the ground like late autumn leaves. Cries from the wounded echo 
throughout the still burning fields of barley and spelt. The sepia drenched 
landscape was speckled with the bright orange skin of dead and wounded Raitains. 

The wall held, Furi thought to herself. The Raitains are regrouping, probably 
devising their next strategy before they attack.

As she briskly walked along the rampart, her fears were not unfounded. The walls 
were heavily damaged. There was only so much wear that these ancient coquina 
walls could take before they   started to crumble. How she longed for stone 
walls, but it is common knowledge that stone is only a mythical material. This 
fortress was built generations before the earliest known written records and it 
has safely guarded the only mountain pass since.  After all, this was the best 
defensible location before the nearest Pitchi city. Her family was there. The 
Raitains must be stopped before they breach the fortress.

“Jure, collect the soldiers, we don’t have much time before the next attack!” 
Furi bellowed to her lieutenant. She was exhausted. This battle had been raging 
for three straight days. If only she could doff her plate armor as the weight 
had been straining her back since mid morning. A quick glance at her tunic made 
her realize how many arrows had narrowly missed her. I’m lucky, she mused,  I 
only have a few graze wounds. Many of her soldiers were not so lucky. As Furi 
waited for her warriors to gather in the courtyard, she began to clean the blood 
off of her face. Luckily, It wasn’t hers, but nothing sounded better than a hot 
bath. If only she were home. Home. There won’t be a home if we’re overrun, she 
thought. We must succeed at all costs.

Jure joined her as the men and women started collecting on the grass. Furi 
climbed onto a nearby well and started to count. A little over one hundred 
Pitchian men and women were left. “There must have been a thousand Raitains 
slain in the fields”, she thought. “Praise our late General, may he rest in 
peace, for keeping the ballistas in perfect working order”. These were not good 
odds, but Furi knew that nothing more could be done. Fight. Win. That’s all we 
can do as there will be no reinforcements.

The soldiers lined up in rows, murmuring to each other with worried tones. 
Although they were bedraggled, they believed in General Garius, may he rest in 
peace. If Garius believed in Furi enough to promote her to lieutenant, then why 
shouldn’t she be their best hope?  The day before yesterday, just after the 
poisoned lead arrow pierced the General’s lung, Furi was compelled to replace 
him. As Garius lay dying on the small medic cot, he whispered “Furi, you were 
always at the top of the class. Your swordsmanship and stamina were better than 
any of the other officers. But, that is not what it takes to be General. You 
must command the respect of your crew. Never let them down and always give them 
greater aspirations. Do this, and we will supercede our enemies. It is up to you 
now. I believe in you, now go and win for me!” 
As Furi snapped out of her flashback she realized what she must do.

Furi cleared her throat and began. “Brave men and women of Pitchia, you know 
what needs to be accomplished. five hundred years ago, the Raitains came to our 
land. They pillaged our villages and raped our ancestors. They stole our food 
and burned our crops. Do you want to be recalled as the ancestors that failed?

A resounding “No!” shook the rafters of nearby buildings

.
Although she wanted to say, “If you believe in a deity, now is the time to get 
on you knees and pray!”, Furi kept it inside. No matter how frightened she was, 
she could not let her soldiers know. They feed off of their leaders’ strength. 
She must remain strong, even if her stoic face is only a front for her petrified 
emotions. Strong for Pitchia and strong for her family.

“Every Raitain slain here today will make our families safer for future 
generations. Do not get discouraged for you are the ones who are protecting this 
land. The enemies may keep coming, but this fort will remain defensible. I know 
that we are heavily outnumbered, but as long as you fight and have hope, we will 
secure victory!”

Furi looked from face to face, seeing tired eyes begin to light up. “Now’s my 
chance to heighten morale”, she thought. “As a fortress is only as good as it’s 
warriors.”

“Archers and swordsmen, look to the valiant men and women on either side of you! 
These are your blood brothers and sisters. They will protect you and you them. 
Fight together and live together. May this day be written in the history books 
as the day that good triumphed over evil!

With a raise of her folded steel cutlass, Furi shouted at the top of her lungs, 
“Go forth and fight, for today we will create a name for ourselves! We will not 
only persevere, but become legends on this day! Do you want to be remembered as 
a martyr or a god?”
