
          They hadn't meant to summon a demon. They had *meant* to do the
          science fair project.

          How were they supposed to know that some random chalk scribbles,
          a failed baking soda volcano, and a vicious paper-cut later
          they'd be staring at two glowing red eyes through the thin
          plastic of a mislaid Coca-Cola bottle?

          "What the hell do you kids want?" A gravelly voice came from the
          direction of the Coke bottle.

          Eli, his finger still tucked safely in his mouth as a result of
          the paper cut, looked from the glowing bottle to his project
          partner Austin. Austin met his gaze, but did not manage to close
          his gaping mouth.

          "You gonna just stare at me, or what?" The bottle seemed to shake
          a bit with annoyance.

          "What's happening?" Eli asked thickly, still speaking around his
          finger.

          Austin, still unblinking, slowly shifted his gaze towards the
          glowing eyes, but didn't reply.

          "Are you kids retarded?" The red eyes narrowed a bit. "This is
          the first time I've been summoned by a pair of retards."

          "We didn't summon anything." Eli said defensively, removing his
          finger from his mouth. He decided not to contest the name
          calling, since he appeared to be having a conversation with a
          piece of trash.

          "What the fuck, kid?" The bottle shook again, "Don't lie; we both
          know what you did. I was minding my own, and all of a sudden,
          whoosh! Here I am. What do you need?"

          "What are you?"

          The eyes widened back up a bit, as if they were surprised. "Is
          this for real?" When neither boy replied, the voice swore,
          "Jesus, I feel like I'm on camera or something. Alright kids,
          listen up." The voice grew calm and the bottle's glow diminished
          a bit, "I am what most humans would call a demon. You summoned me
          here, whether you deny it or not. Now, most of the time when a
          human summons a demon, it means they want something. Is there
          something I can do for you kids?"

          "Eli! Eli!" Austin finally found his voice, "Let's take this as
          our science fair project! It's bound to win, not even those
          geeks' robot can compare with this!"

          "What?" The bottle shook violently.

          "Whoa." Eli said, "Do you think we could get away with it?"

          "Yeah, Mr. West won't know what hit him." Austin head bobbed with
          enthusiasm, "We're sure to win first."

          "But-" Eli bit his lip, "What about our volcano?"

          "It doesn't matter." Austin waved him away and grabbed the
          bottle, causing the occupant to make a distressed sound, "Mr.
          West said that our hypothesis doesn't have to turn out to be
          correct. A hypothesis is just a guess, remember?"

          "Yeah," Eli nodded, and inspected his finger closer, "All we have
          to do is list the procedure and show the outcome. This will be
          the best science fair project ever!"