
          Adriana Steppe was home from the East after six months of battle
          and siege. The Lord over the Desert was dead at the hands of his
          own generals and his youngest son, a stupid thing who thought he
          was sly, was now Lord of Sands, and the mercy of Steppe's own
          forces.

          Now here she was, back in the capital, and the Emperor was
          throwing a great banquet in her honor, much to her dismay. After
          all, she was just a common born girl; she had risen to this
          position by chance and will of the Goddess. She did not wish to
          sit among the High Nobles and listen to their half-veiled
          insults.

          "You realize that's why my brother is throwing this banquet,
          right? He wants to spend about as much time with the High Nobles
          as you do, but at least on this occasion they'll have the manners
          to not bitch about 'that low-born girl leading the army'."
          Prince Loc was the Emperor's older brother and Steppe's closest
          confidant. Before his marriage half the Empire had wanted him as
          their Emperor, and he would have been, had the Goddess not had
          other plans in store for him. "You were victorious in the East!"
          He said dramatically, "They'll all have to pretend to love you
          now."

          "I would rather ride back into Dallerio." She said sullenly,
          taking a gulp from the goblet on the table and throwing herself
          back into the sofa. "Or spend another six months in that
          Goddess-cursed city."

          "Six months though." the prince took a drink out of his own
          goblet before raising it slightly in her direction, "Impressive.
          If anyone had known the Lord of Sands would fall so easily we
          should have done it years ago."

          She shrugged, "In truth, his generals about did my job for me.
          Once it was clear that they were no match for the Imperial Army,
          Dallerio crumbled from the inside."

          "Don't bring that up at the banquet." He chuckled, mostly to
          himself, "If you're asked, it was six months of blood and toil
          and sand everywhere."

          Steppe sighed before taking another drink, "I almost wish it had
          been. Dallerio falls in an easy six months and the Empire is
          forever grateful. I spend almost a year in the Delta, up to my
          thighs in mud and shit and Goddess knows what else, actually
          protecting our Empire instead of expanding it, and all anyone can
          talk about is how I'm in over my head and under qualified for
          the position."

          Loc only shrugged, "Welcome to Court."

          Steppe grumbled beneath her breath, but any more complaining was
          cut short by one of the heavy wooden doors swinging open to admit
          a small young woman. Though she was dressed in the everyday
          style of the Empire's nobility, she still had an exotic air about
          her. Her skin was the olive tone of southern islanders, with the
          same inky hair, but she had no memory of the islands or her
          parents. She had grown up as an orphan in the capital, which is
          where she had met -- and married -- Prince Loc.

          If vulgar rumors were to be believed, before she married the
          prince she had been a prostitute in a high-end brothel in the
          city district known as Pastry, but Steppe hardly believed that.
          She was all too familiar with the vicious lies the High Nobles
          spread about common girls who came into power to believe such
          dribble. Still, there was no denying that the princess had
          worldly knowledge that a well-bred noble girl just would not
          have.

          "Hey there Blue." Loc gestured her over and the princess joined
          them quickly.

          "Steppe!" She exclaimed fondly, "It's so good to have you back!"

          "Thanks Blue, I'm glad to be home." She wasn't sure where the
          princess's nickname had come from, but even the Dowager Empress
          now referred to her son's wife as Blue.

          "I hear that we're having a great banquet for you." Blue
          continued, grinning widely.

          "Goddess, Blue, don't bring that up again." Loc begged her, but
          his wife waved him off.

          Steppe groaned, "I'm dreading it, aren't you?" With rumors
          circulating that she used to be a prostitute, Princess Blue was
          not usually a huge fan of functions where she would be forced to
          socialize with the nobility.

          Much to Steppe's surprise she shook her head, still grinning,
          "I've commissioned a new dress. I'm sure everyone will think it's
          quite vulgar." Loc's face suggested that he had not yet heard
          this news, "But of course it's all in good fun. If they think I'm
          a whore I might as well get to dress the part." She laughed.
          "And what are all those stuffy nobles going to do about it? Tell
          the Crown Prince that his wife looks dirty? I think not."

          "I don't know about that." Loc mumbled under his breath, but the
          girls ignored him.

          It wasn't until much later -- after the servants had refilled the
          goblets many times -- that Princess Blue sat up straight and
          exclaimed at Steppe "Oh, I've got it!"

          "What?" Loc and Steppe both asked her.

          "What to do with you for the banquet." She continued excitedly,
          "I've got it. You're the great conquerer in the East? Let's dress
          you up like the Mistress of the Desert. We'll dress you in dark
          silk and hang bangles from your ears!"

          Steppe laughed but shook her head, "We can't, I don't even have
          pierced ears. It was not allowed in the Academy, and I've never
          needed them anyway."

          Blue raised her hands up to her ears in shock, "But that's
          ridiculous! I've had mine done three times now. I don't usually
          wear all of them, but I will to the banquet if you do!"

          "But how am I going to get my ears done before the banquet?"

          "I'll do it!" Blue offered, "I've done it before for other girls.
          We can do it right now!"

          "This is sounding like an increasingly bad idea." The prince
          pointed out.

          "Oh, no, no." Blue shook her head, "Come on, let's go upstairs, I
          have the stuff to do it." She held out a hand to Steppe.

          "I don't know about this." Steppe replied, tugging on one of her
          earlobes nervously.

          "Oh, don't be silly! It's easy. Come on." She grabbed Steppe's
          hand and pulled her off the sofa.



          The manor where the Emperor was currently holding court was not
          as large as the Imperial Palace, by far, but the prince and
          princess still had a spacious four room apartment overlooking the
          gardens. Steppe found herself overlooking those very gardens,
          though they were dark now, as Blue told her to hold still as the
          princess prepared her "kit", consisting of a unnervingly large
          needle and a pair of hoop earrings.

          "I don't know about this." Steppe repeated, but Blue waved her
          off, and Loc only offered her an amused smirk. "I really don't
          know. Is this going to hurt?"

          At this Loc laughed wholeheartedly, "Worried about your ears
          hurting for the banquet celebrating your victory in battle, eh?
          What a brave warrior you are."

          "I've tried to make it a point to not let people stick things
          through me." Steppe retorted, but the prince laughed harder.

          "Okay." Blue came over, holding her needle aloft. "Ready?"

          "No, now that I think about it--" Steppe started to get up, but
          the other girl stopped her.

          "It'll be fine." Blue assured her. "Loc, help me hold Steppe
          down."

          "What!?"

          "No," Loc shook his head, still laughing, "This mess is between
          the two of you."

          "Fine then. Hold still." Blue ordered, leaning close to Steppe's
          ear and poking her tentatively with the end of the needle.

          Steppe jumped reflexively, feeling her skin prickle "Do you know
          what you're doing?"

          "Of course. I'm just marking where the needle goes. Now hold
          still, really this time."

          Steppe closed her eyes and clenched her fingers around the
          underside of the chair. It wasn't until she felt a small prick
          and felt -- or maybe heard? -- A pop-pop sensation through her
          ear lobe that she realized that she had been holding her breath
          as well. A bit of fumbling later, and she dared to open one of
          her eyes.

          "Was it really that bad?" Loc asked her, wearing his usual smirk,
          "I thought you were going to pass out there for a second."

          Steppe glared at him, but her follow-up comment was interrupted
          by the princess holding out a small hand mirror. Unclenching her
          hand from the side of the chair, she had to shake it out before
          she took the mirror. In its reflection Steppe could clearly see a
          large bangle hanging from her reddened earlobe. She turned her
          head, and felt the bangle brush along her neck, making a soft
          metallic tinkling noise as it did so.

          "There, you see? Wasn't that easy?" Blue urged her, "We're half
          done! Look how pretty you'll look. Now hold still."