
          The full moon was almost at zenith and its pale light cast an
          eerie glow over the trees and reflected in the virgin snow. The
          air was crisp and their breath appeared like fog before them,
          streaming through the mouthpieces of their helmets, bringing to
          mind the image of smoke through dragons' nostrils.

          It reflected off their armor, polished silver and platinum, the
          long cape, white velvet and trimmed with white ermine. It
          reflected off their golden crest-- marking them servants of the
          God of Light. This would have been all in times of peace, but in
          this time of unholy war there were other signs, from the gold
          tipped wooden stakes that clanked against their shiny armor, to
          the holy chains that they held in their gauntleted hands.

          The chains were hard silver, studded with razor sharp thorns,
          long enough to act as a stake if used right. They were blessed by
          a high priest under the light of the sun on midsummer's day.
          They were the best defense against the horrors that lurked in the
          dark places of the world.



          They moved in the shadows through the trees, taking care to stay
          out of the moonlight. This was not their normal behavior, for the
          night was their time and the moon was known to be the handmaiden
          of the Goddess of Night. When her cloak fell over the world it
          was her children's time and her handmaiden called them all out of
          their slumber to revel in the darkness.

          Tonight, however, was different. They moved stealthily, over the
          snow-- moving so quickly they did not leave footsteps behind
          them. The armored ones had been heard, crashing through the snow
          and brush with their glittering deadly weapons. It was best to
          take these creatures unawares, long before they reached the
          coven.

          They knew the general area where the Goddess of Night's children
          nested, but the silver ones did not know the exact location. If
          it was known, these denizens of light could attack the coven
          while the children slept, under the light of their burning god.

          They should be killed before they got near.



          They attacked without warning, shadows moving through shadows.
          The creatures were held at bay by silver, but when they were all
          together the affect of their silver armor was diminished, the
          creatures too consumed with battle frenzy to notice how it burned
          their unnatural gray flesh.

          When the priests talked about how to battle these unholy beings
          they always mentioned their fangs, long retractable fangs with an
          affinity for sinking into their victims' necks. The priests'
          armor was thick around the neck and their helmets were fastened
          with large silver buckles. They were safe against the dangers of
          the fangs...but the creatures were too fast.

          They moved like shadows, wrapping their hands around the silver
          helmets and though shrieking with pain, they snapped their
          victims' necks, dropping the glittering figures like flies. A few
          creatures, older, stronger, some old enough to remember the
          Craven Wars, with the blood of ancient priests on their hands,
          could pull a priest's helmet off, exposing the weak neck pulsing
          with life.

          Blood splattered across the pure snow.



          The blasted burning silver!

          The vile humans encased themselves in it, from head to toe,
          clunky and slow but a dangerous burning weapon in itself.
          Touching the silver usually left skin behind, and teeth knocked
          against it could be broken. But the creatures inside these shells
          were human; fragile. Their helmets could be removed and the
          succulent creature could be sucked from its shell easily, for
          their necks practically contained their entire lifeblood, and the
          drumming of their hearts were loud enough to hear through the
          trees, calling to them.

          But even though the children of the Goddess were called to the
          beating of the priests' hearts, becoming entranced by it during
          battle was dangerous-- a death trap. A child feeding on a dying
          priest could easily forget this world and be attacked from
          behind, especially by the deadly silver chains that all priests
          handled.

          This chain took considerable human strength to wield, and it
          could snap like a whip across a child's back, sinking its deadly
          silver barbs in. If the child was lucky, this strike would bring
          it out of its blood trance, and it could run off into the shadows
          again, to retreat to the coven and to nurse its silver inflicted
          wounds. However, if luck was not in the child's favor one of the
          chains silver thorns would strike true, effectively staking the
          child. They would disappear in a scream and blood would shower
          across the pure snow.



          The priest and the child circled each other as different battles
          waged around them. A priest fell victim to a child to their left,
          his neck exposed, and this child ignored the call of it, though
          she faltered slightly.

          The priest saw this pause, and took advantage of it as he had
          been taught. The blessed chain snapped through the air, but the
          child was faster. She sidestepped, hissing and showing her
          extended fangs. The priest was well prepared, and in this moment
          the chain flashed forth once more, this time striking truer to
          its purpose. The child screamed in pain as the chain drug across
          the tattered rags that hung on her slim back, fragile remnants
          from the time before she followed the Goddess of Night, no
          protection from the chain or its barbs.

          Though her grey skin split open and brown stale blood -- the mark
          of a child who has not recently fed -- fell to the ground in
          partially coagulated drops, neither child nor priest dropped
          their guard. Both knew that this was a flesh wound, the child
          unharmed and her hunger only more enflamed.



          In this agitated state she leapt at the priest, and though he
          swatted her away with his heavy gloves and the hilt of his chain,
          two claw-like fingers caught in the visor of his helm, their
          blackened and broken fingernails narrowly missing his eye. Though
          she screamed in agony, a high pitched howl that would have stuck
          the priest with intense fear had he not been fighting for his
          life, her fingers held fast against the silver.

          However, the pain was too much, she could not force herself to
          bring the other hand down and rip off the helmet. She was far too
          young for that, and instead was caught in an burning stalemate,
          neither party free to kill the other.

          Unable to push off the child attached to his helm or raise his
          chain to a position where he could use it, the priest broke the
          first rule that the high priests had taught him, and pawed at the
          release attached to his shoulder-plate. The thick leather straps
          were stiff from the cold, and his metal gloves were unwieldily,
          but the child was too concerned about her own caught hand and the
          searing pain of the silver to try to stop him.

          Suddenly, the child broke free, rolling slightly away in surprise
          that momentarily overwhelmed the pain from the silver. She still
          held the helm in her hand but dropped it easily, swiftly turning
          to feast on the creature that she had unshelled. The priest was
          quicker though, rolling to his own feet and raising the chain
          between them. Head and neck exposed, the cold air burned against
          his flushed face, but he did not falter.

          Amid the individual battles that waged around them the child and
          the priest appraised each other once more. Slowly, more careful
          than before, they circled each other. In the pale moonlight their
          eyes locked, one pair gray and wild, the other green and
          shining, both glittering like gems against the alabaster snow.
