
          She sat back in her chair at the head of the table: comfortable,
          relaxed. She was still dressed in her evening wear, a slinky
          black gown with a slit up one side. Her legs were crossed, her
          well defined legs in black stockings, a pair of Manolo Blahnik
          pumps on her delicate feet. Though her shoulders were bare, she
          wore elbow length gloves and in her left hand she held a long
          newly lit cigarette. On the large table in front of her were
          three things: a bouquet of roses, a half-gone gin and tonic with
          a twist of lime, the glass sweating slightly, and a Walther PPK.

          For the first time in his career he had faltered. After the limo
          had left and she had let herself into her flat, alone, he had
          crept his way down the stairs, hoping to startle her as she
          rummaged around the kitchen. Now he stood in the shadows of the
          dining room, his own gun in his hand, with her cold gaze upon
          him, a deadly facsimile of Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at
          Tiffany's.

          She took a drag off her cigarette, and blew out the smoke,
          slowly, before she decided to speak. "Edwards is dead."

          Her voice was low and smooth and chill ran down his back, along
          with the fear that he had been set up. Douglas Edwards, the media
          magnate who had hired him, had warned that she could be
          unpredictable. Still, he had done his research, he had watched
          her closely, nothing about her and Edwards' relationship had made
          him think that this might be a hard job. She was clearly just a
          toy that Edwards had grown tired of and at this point she knew
          too much about the buisness to just be allowed to walk off,
          feeling dangerously scorned.

          This was supposed to be a routine job.

          "I daresay you won't be included in his will." She took another
          drag off of her cigarette and watched him closely. "You can turn
          around and I'll let you leave. It'd be such a shame to not get
          paid."

          "How did Edwards die?" The curioustiy was getting the better of
          him. He had seen the man yesterday in his penthouse office,
          looking as healthy and greedy as ever, looking gleefully excited
          about his darling's upcoming doom.

          This earned him a smile, seductive and proud, "The coroner will
          conclude a heart attack. It's very sad, but he was overworked. It
          can't be much of a surprise."

          "Why?" She had poisoned him, of course, but that didn't seem like
          something the woman he had researched would be capable of. None
          of this whole ordeal had the look of an upset girl offing her
          rich boyfriend. There was something seriously wrong here.

          "The same reason you're here." A pause and another charming
          smile. "To pay the mortgage."

          "You were hired to kill Edwards?" Though a professional assassin
          himself, he had never met another one. They were mostly solitary
          creatures, and there wasn't exactly a professional association.

          "Obviously." She concluded, getting to her feet. "Edwards wasn't
          my type otherwise."

          He scoffed, amused, "And what is your type?"

          "Obviously," she said again, drawing the word out longer than it
          should have been, "Men with bigger guns."

          With a slightly flippant grin, she turned her back on him,
          leaving the gun and the glass of gin on the table, walking slowly
          and confidently towards the kitchen.

          For a moment he was filled with dread and the inability to make a
          decision. What if she was bluffing? What if Edwards wasn't dead?
          What if this was a set up by the police? Edwards dead or not, if
          he failed to complete a job he'd probably never be hired again.

          With more indecision than he had ever felt in his career, he
          brought up his gun and fired a single shot at her, and in the
          same instant felt the heat of a different bullet as it whizzed
          past his cheek, sinking into the wall behind him.



          She could tell that he was caught off his guard yet again. He had
          strolled into her house so confidenatly, but she had been
          peeling away his confidence in layers. First by waiting for him,
          then by revealing that his employer was dead, and now having
          fired a shot while sidestepping his own. It would have been
          foolish to leave the only gun in her posession lying on the
          table.

          They both had arms extended, guns aimed at one another. Her
          petite hands in their opera gloves versus his casual barehanded
          grip.

          In fact, now that she had him in plain sight, everything about
          him seemed casual. She had always taken pride in her work, always
          feeling it necessary to look her best and play her femme fatale
          part while on a job. The assassin that had been sent for her
          obviously did not feel the same way. He wore a tight fitting pair
          of blue jeans and a t-shirt. He could have been any Joe on the
          street. Perhaps that was his point, but it was an curious one.
          She found herself oddly attracted to his everyman persona. It
          would be nice to just slip into the crowd on occasion.

          She found herself smiling at him as she kept him solidly within
          the sights of her secondary handgun. This was such a strange
          situation, it was hard not to smile. He must have felt the same
          way, because from behind his own gun he smiled back.



          "What now?" He asked her, after a minute or two of silently
          admiring one another.

          "You leave." She brought her cigarette up to her mouth, but did
          not draw from it, instead choosing to shrug theaterically, her
          gun shrugging with her. "Or you don't."

          "I see."

          Though it went against his instincts, at last he lowered his aim.
          After only a slight moment of panic, she lowered hers as well,
          eyeing him somewhat suspiciously as she neared the end of her
          cigarette.

          "Have a seat." She broke their silence and gestured to the only
          other chair at the table, at the opposite end from the one she
          had recently occupied. "I'll get you a drink."