
                      "Arrête, c'est ici l'empire de la mort."

          The invitation is on a heavy parchment, it feels smooth and
          expensive to the touch. The words are hand-written, in a gothic
          style with red fountain pen. The word "mort" ends with a
          decortaitive flourish, the t crossed in such a way that the ink
          has splattered across the paper. The only other thing on the
          front is a date and time: 23 9 23:00.

          However, on the back of the invitation you marvel at a small and
          precise work of art. A map. It also appears to be handmade, in
          the same red pen. It is increidbly detailed for being so small,
          and you wonder how long it took to create. Below the map there is
          a word: "laterne". Underlined twice.

          This is not the Musée. Oh no, the well lit safely marked paths
          are well to your north. Here it's good and dark, the same sort of
          dark that one finds in caverns after the candles go out. The
          heavy darkness that lies in places where humans do not often
          tread. You tighten your hold on your "laterne", an old flashlight
          you dug out of the junk drawer, and wish that you had brought an
          extra -- or at the very least spare batteries.

          You force those thoughts out of your mind for the moment and
          study the map on the invitation again. It shouldn't be far now.

          Whoever drew the map has been very precise. After only a couple
          more turns your ears prick at the sound of music. It's faint at
          first, but in this quiet dark place you notice it immediately and
          instinctively move towards it.

          One more turn and you have to close your eyes, blinded by the
          painful light. A blink or two and you realize that the light is
          not so bright after all, merely overwhelming after the old
          flashlight's pathetic output.

          "Bonsoir." A deep voice starles you, and you realize that a man
          is standing at your shoulder. In the shadow, his black skin and
          well tailored suit makes him all but invisible. Only the whites
          of his eyes glitter in the light. "Bienvenue" He gestures in the
          direction of the music. There is no need for him to check your
          invitation, it already goes without saying that this event is
          invitation only.

          You walk carefully down the stairs to which he's gesturing and
          come out in a large open room. In one corner you find the source
          of the music, a string quartet playing softly. In another corner,
          you see the bar, a large counter with red glowing bottles around
          it. Between thirty to fifty people are milling about. They clump
          together in small groups: around the bar, leaning against the
          wall, smoking, the conversations quick and excited.

          You also realize that you're underdressed. You should have known
          better. These aren't the catacombs you see in movies, wet and
          crawling with rats. These aren't even the catacombs of Rome,
          ancient and dusty, the meeting place for a handful of relgious
          sects. These are the catacombs of Paris. They only date back to
          the late 18th century, only six million people lay in peace here.
          They're new; they're in style.

          The men around you are dressed in a somewhat macabre mockery of a
          white tie event, with ragged tails and scuffed up top hats with
          their silk torn. Most hold cigars in one hand and crystal glasses
          in the other, alternating which they bring up to their mouth.

          The women show slightly more variety, their full-length dresses
          ranging from black to a deep burgandy. While not as frequenty
          ripped or distressed as the mens' attire, they still manage a
          somewhat haughty shabby look, like debutantes who went shopping
          in a thrift store. You find yourself not looking at their
          clothes, but their masks.

          Everyone in the room, save yourself, is wearing a Venetian-styled
          mask. Some cover the wearer's full face, some are only half
          masks, others cover only the eyes. Feathers, jewels, macrame, and
          tassels can all be seen in the crowd. Men and women alike, even
          the musicians and the bartenders are wearing masks, only you are
          not.

          You hear a tinkling of bells and look to your right. A woman
          stares at you, her mask cat-like, with golden circles that catch
          the light around her eyes, and five bells looped through piercing
          in each pointed ear. She moves through the shadows closer to
          you, the eyes of her mask becoming black pits, the alert ears
          becoming sinister horns. This image fades as soon as she steps
          back into the dim light, the friendly cat staring back at you.

          She holds out a mask, obviously meant for you. You are so
          relieved to be saved from your unintended faux pas that you take
          it eagerly from her, looking it over in your own hands. It has
          been done in gold and bronze, and it reminds you of something
          that you might have seen in a movie about ancient Greece or Rome;
          an ancient soldier's half mask. Two winged horses take flight
          from either temple and a single large red jewel sits in the
          middle of the forehead.

          "Merci!" You exclaim breathlessly, slipping it on, feeling how
          heavy and cool it is against your face.

          The cat mask smiles back at you, seemingly aware that French is
          not your first language. "Come." She says, her voice smooth, "Let
          us have a drink."